README.md, before:

Welcome to the FGR Dynamic auth service!!

Docker image - https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/dariv94/fgrauthservice

Thanks for checking out the readme for this docker file-  `docker run dariv94\/fgrauthservice npm run readme`

You will need to create a config file and encode it then add it as the env var FGRCONFIG
Create a config.json file like this...

```
{ 
"authServiceType": "simple", 
"userPassword": "Password123!",
"adminPassword": "adminPassword123!",
"whitelist":["http://localhost:4000"]
}
```



 where...
    
authServiceType [required]
---
__"simple"__ - One user account, one Admin account  _(NOTE: only this works at the moment)_

__"finite"__ - Finite user accounts, finite admin accounts

__"multi"__ - Many user accounts, many admin accounts

EX: `"authServiceType": "simple"`

userPassword _(simple authServiceType only, )_ [required]
---
 __\<String\>__ - User Password
 
EX `"userPassword": "Password123!"`

 userMetadata _(simple authServiceType only)_ 
---
 __\<Object\>__ - User Metadata
 
EX `"adminMetadata": { "isAdmin":false, color:"blue"}`

adminPassword _(simple authServiceType only, )_
---
 __\<String\>__ - User Password
 
EX `"adminPassword": "adminPassword123!"`

 adminMetadata _(simple authServiceType only)_ 
---
 __\<Object\>__ - Admin Metadata
 
EX `"adminMetadata": { "isAdmin":true, color:"purple"}`

whitelist (all authServiceTypes ) [required]
---
 __\<Array\>__ - Array of Strings where the strings of domains to whitelist 
 NOTE: to allow for all origins add `["*"]` ad the whitelist value.
 
EX `"whitelist":["http://localhost:4000"]`

Then (assuming you have the docker client and daemon) and in the same directory as your config.json file, run... 

`docker run -it -v ${pwd}/config.json:/app/config.json dariv94/fgrauthservice npm run config`

(replace FGRCONFIG value here with the output from the above cmd) 
Then with the env file, run `docker run --rm -p 4000:4000 --env-file .env dariv94/fgrauthservice`
```
PORT=4000
NODE_ENV=development
FGRCONFIG=eyJhdXRoU2VydmljZVR5cGUiOiJzaW1wbGUiLCJ1c2VyUGFzc3dvcmQiOiJQYXNzd29yZDEiLCJ1c2VyTWV0YWRhdGEiOnsiaXNBZG1pbiI6ZmFsc2UsImNvbG9yIjoiYmx1ZSJ9LCJhZG1pblBhc3N3b3JkIjoiYWRtaW4xIiwiYWRtaW5NZXRhZGF0YSI6eyJpc0FkbWluIjp0cnVlLCJjb2xvciI6InB1cnBsZSJ9LCJ3aGl0ZWxpc3QiOlsiaHR0cDovL2xvY2FsaG9zdDo0MDAwIl19
```

authServiceType:simple  Endpoints
---

/auth/login
----
- Endpoint: `/auth/login`
- Method: `POST`
- Request Body: `{"password":"<PASSWORD_HERE>"}`
- 200 Return Body: `{"token":"<JWT_TOKEN_WILL_BE_HERE>"}` (Content-Type: application/json)
- 400 Retrun body: `Invalid Password`  (Content-Type: text/html)

Fetch Example...
```
  const response = fetch('http://localhost:4000/auth/login', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({password:"mypassword"})
  });
  console.log(response.body)
```

/auth
----
- Endpoint: `/auth`
- Method: `POST`
- Request Header: `a-auth-token:<JWT_TOKEN_WILL_BE_HERE>`
- Request Body: `none`
- 400 Retrun body: `Invalid Password`  (Content-Type: text/html)

Fetch Example...
```
  const response = fetch('http://localhost:4000/auth', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'x-auth-token': 'application/json'
    },
  });
  console.log(response.body)
```

Commit message:

added User Register, Login, and auth for finite users

README.md, after:

Welcome to the FGR Dynamic auth service!!

Docker image - https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/dariv94/fgrauthservice

QuickStart
---
1. Create config.json file with configuration data. (check this readme or the config.js file for commented examples)
2. run `node ./createconfig.js` in the root folder where your config.js file is and add the output of the file as your *FGRCONFIG* to your .env file
3. Start docker-compose `docker-compose up`
4. (finite config using sequelize orm only, Run migrations `docker exec fgr_dynamic_auth_web_1 npx sequelize db:migrate`)


Thanks for checking out the readme for this docker file-  `docker run dariv94\/fgrauthservice npm run readme`

You will need to create a config file and encode it then add it as the env var FGRCONFIG
Create a config.json file like this...

```
{ 
"authServiceType": "simple", 
"userPassword": "Password123!",
"adminPassword": "adminPassword123!",
"whitelist":["http://localhost:4000"]
}
```



 where...
    
authServiceType [required]
---
__"simple"__ - One user account, one Admin account  _(NOTE: only this works at the moment)_

__"finite"__ - Finite user accounts, finite admin accounts

__"multi"__ - Many user accounts, many admin accounts

EX: `"authServiceType": "simple"`

userPassword _(simple authServiceType only, )_ [required]
---
 __\<String\>__ - User Password
 
EX `"userPassword": "Password123!"`

 userMetadata _(simple authServiceType only)_ 
---
 __\<Object\>__ - User Metadata
 
EX `"adminMetadata": { "isAdmin":false, color:"blue"}`

adminPassword _(simple authServiceType only, )_
---
 __\<String\>__ - User Password
 
EX `"adminPassword": "adminPassword123!"`

 adminMetadata _(simple authServiceType only)_ 
---
 __\<Object\>__ - Admin Metadata
 
EX `"adminMetadata": { "isAdmin":true, color:"purple"}`

whitelist (all authServiceTypes ) [required]
---
 __\<Array\>__ - Array of Strings where the strings of domains to whitelist 
 NOTE: to allow for all origins add `["*"]` ad the whitelist value.
 
EX `"whitelist":["http://localhost:4000"]`

Then (assuming you have the docker client and daemon) and in the same directory as your config.json file, run... 

`docker run -it -v ${pwd}/config.json:/app/config.json dariv94/fgrauthservice npm run config`

(replace FGRCONFIG value here with the output from the above cmd) 
Then with the env file, run `docker run --rm -p 4000:4000 --env-file .env dariv94/fgrauthservice`
```
PORT=4000
NODE_ENV=development
FGRCONFIG=eyJhdXRoU2VydmljZVR5cGUiOiJzaW1wbGUiLCJ1c2VyUGFzc3dvcmQiOiJQYXNzd29yZDEiLCJ1c2VyTWV0YWRhdGEiOnsiaXNBZG1pbiI6ZmFsc2UsImNvbG9yIjoiYmx1ZSJ9LCJhZG1pblBhc3N3b3JkIjoiYWRtaW4xIiwiYWRtaW5NZXRhZGF0YSI6eyJpc0FkbWluIjp0cnVlLCJjb2xvciI6InB1cnBsZSJ9LCJ3aGl0ZWxpc3QiOlsiaHR0cDovL2xvY2FsaG9zdDo0MDAwIl19
```

authServiceType:simple  Endpoints
---

/auth/login
----
- Endpoint: `/auth/login`
- Method: `POST`
- Request Body: `{"password":"<PASSWORD_HERE>"}`
- 200 Return Body: `{"token":"<JWT_TOKEN_WILL_BE_HERE>"}` (Content-Type: application/json)
- 400 Retrun body: `Invalid Password`  (Content-Type: text/html)

Fetch Example...
```
  const response = fetch('http://localhost:4000/auth/login', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({password:"mypassword"})
  });
  console.log(response.body)
```

/auth
----
- Endpoint: `/auth`
- Method: `POST`
- Request Header: `a-auth-token:<JWT_TOKEN_WILL_BE_HERE>`
- Request Body: `none`
- 400 Retrun body: `Invalid Password`  (Content-Type: text/html)

Fetch Example...
```
  const response = fetch('http://localhost:4000/auth', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'x-auth-token': 'application/json'
    },
  });
  console.log(response.body)
```
